you would look wonderful in cotton okay
I don't know I also don't know how you
looked at me whenever you said that it
was it was very uncomfortable well it is
the first and only day of gift with the
rift here at the for me oh GG
tournaments I'm joined right now by
Lilly peachy who unfortunately her team
went out as my understanding is that
would happen
make no mistake Travis we came in last
place yes well and we did an interview
on stream at the start of the day and
you said everyone should be prepared for
disappointment and that you guys were
going to lose how did you know who the
results of it before him I just called
it as soon as I saw the team and I saw
like Steven on my team and I just you
know objectively speaking we had the
lowest ranked team but it's not the wind
that matters it's for charity right so
no matter what we're all winners
what so you didn't get a chance to draft
your charity her sorry draft your team
hell no okay
you would not what how would you have
drafted differently for what I would
have picked all the challenger players
like Fong and each other like high
ranked players because I'm the lowest
ranked out of all of them I'm cool three
by the way yeah for challengers and one
Lily how do you feel you did I think I
did decent like I didn't feed my brains
off I think we all did we talked we all
tried our best and I'm proud of my team
go team be well this is a charity event
I know a lot of people won't see because
it's happening during a c9 TSM but maybe
you can talk a little bit about what
charity is that you chose and why you
chose it so I chose last chance for
animals because I'm a huge animal lover
um and I have a dog I think to me as
many of my fans Nelly promote her
Instagram ever your Instagram photos of
him oh really
no I see that girl um yeah I love
animals and I thought pink animal
charity why not yeah that makes sense
it's in line with your you keep but you
don't have the dog here unfortunately no
this was a 40 minute drive so I did my
dog doesn't do well in Long cartridge
like puked once and it was horrible tick
tock puke is not great
you watch anymore Clayton yes actually
okay what is the theme of the collection
comfy okay and and are the did you work
to make sure that the outfits were comfy
yeah it took months to get this launched
because there were problems cropping up
and the samples weren't right and I
wanted it to be something that I can
like you know kind of be proud of so a
lot of people just wanted the hoodie to
be honest so that was my main concern
getting the honey and comfortable so
well I haven't had a chance to check it
out because I've been working here what
all are the items so it's just like a
few graphic tees and this in a crop top
that's it in a crop top you would look
wonderful in cotton
I don't know I also don't know how you
looked at me whenever you said that it
was it was very uncomfortable I was you
were imagining the craft outfit I would
I've seen my picture you should put it
in the YouTube video if you're gonna be
amazing
you'll figure it out yeah I I've seen
how fed and SCARA and I don't know if
toast has done this yet but I've seen
there's a lot of different apparel
choices that are done by some of the men
in the house I'm not as comfortable with
it TV guys they're very open to trying
on new things and I really I gotta
admire their you know bravery and
courage for it yeah I don't have that
courage I'm applaud them for it but I
don't have that it's it's Albert right
yeah
oh not box box yes I've interviewed him
before he has he does he try on the
different outfits he okay so this is not
his aesthetic Albert's aesthetic is very
it's called tech wear you know it's all
black and cool and edgy it's like what
that edgy anime character with like
Street where was the different restraint
work I think it's a type of Street work
oh yeah he likes those but he says you
know for me he'll you know once know
well including the crop top if he put
him in the crop top he will not wear the
cop top I have asked him many times but
he refuses to wear the cop down many
times ongoing discussion I'm going
debate do you think that'll change on
the future you'll finally break through
he's only at well but you just said he
where's the other stuff even though it's
not his aesthetic
yeah but the cop top really not is you'd
be hard-pressed to find any guys who are
willing to wear you know crop tops right
take the step back to follow you because
you you step back the pro players do
that on the pro players will just slowly
move out of the frame yeah
easiest pro player you've ever
interviewed left well aside from your
best buddy double lift
I like interviewing prolly back when he
used to be a player now he's a coach I
enjoy interviewing Apollo he's a very
very nice guy who's the your favorite
person you've ever interviewed well I
don't have much experience I saw a video
where you were the interview and host
there's an offline TV video yeah
[Music]
scripted you didn't did you struggle
with the interviewing for that I think I
think what do you call the interviewer
right yeah
is very fun yeah roll them with
questions you know should you grill them
in that where'd you get those sunglasses
Travis where we Parker she used to be a
direct-to-consumer line online now they
have their own stores it's an
alternative to LensCrafters because
LensCrafters has a there's a monopoly
for luxottica who makes a lot of the
glasses brand so you can get good stuff
from Warby Parker Wow
fascinating no I don't know half the
things he just said but I'm glad he
knows a lot about your sunglass concern
who's gonna win this event um
chuckle Bryce okay why is that
frustrating to you know why have we
tried our best honestly what else can
they expect from us no one had any
expectations of us Travis no one no one
expected us to win are you okay and look
at that we we met their expectations so
there's no losers in this equation other
okay setting aside this event
I know it's getting kind of warm out
here we probably but it's been a while
since I've interviewed you and I'm kind
of curious how are things offline you
guys moved into a new place you you are
becoming more famous by the minute I've
noticed this you're just blowing up you
know whenever I saw you hanging out at
the CLG house years ago I would Kelby
and I had this conversation the other
day yeah this is what I like to call
more popular roomie which definitely
helps that all right to which do you
have more YouTube followers she's at 2
million now pokeyman with to over 2
million YouTube and twitch followers you
should have gotten on the for tonight
train but I'm like god awful laugh I'm
like I can't even pretend did you know
when I played for at night some people
come into my stream and daily i watch
this girl because i didn't know that
there was someone worse than me at 4
tonight
so i'm not very good at either so oh
well you're good interviewing oh thank
you that makes me feel better but how
are things that are fine so we've
recently moved into a new place toast is
still a my a but he will be back word
twitchcon aside from that pretty same
old we still do content together we're
trying to get a better video schedule
going still the game night so he's still
stringing together it's pretty nice very
comfy vibe and you're working with mark
again yes mark and Josh have returned as
it get to work with I have to do a show
with him every week it's painful oh
really you don't you don't enjoy working
with them we're so among the worst udo
come in with a ton of enthusiasm I'm
like it's hotline League every oh my
gosh and then I talk to him he's like
yeah I've been playing World of Warcraft
that's like the intro but that's like
that's like what Mark does like that
casual yeah I don't give a but I
kind of do
so things are just coasting in offline
there's nothing exciting um no we've
recently launched our merch to an
offline as well offline TV that GG /
merch if you want to support us thank
you very much just have that before yes
we do but this is like to season to
launch you know with like Albert in it
Yvonne's in it edit it summer collection
[Music]
where can people find your match ll EPG
dot-com
very good anything that you would like
to say to any of the people out there
they might have tuned into your stream
here they might be watching you in your
stream normally I don't know stay comfy
brush your teeth every day don't wear
the same shirt for days and I real
people can smell it um and yeah take
good care of yourself
and stay safe I like that half of those
are apparel related stay comfy on the
line don't wear the same shirt maybe
they could buy one of yours I mean I'm
not I'm not exactly subtle Hugh well
thank you so much for the interview
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things gift
the rift right here on my youtube
channel thanks so much for watching that
interview this is all being done at the
gift the rift event the swarming us
putting on so thanks so much to swarm
you for putting it on and if you're
watching this please feel free to click
into the links below follow me on Twitch
or on Instagram any of the stuff that's
down there help out my patron and I do
take your twitch Prime subs it's a great
way to just kind of help out the channel
and help me create more content like
this so thank you so much for watching
and hope to see you in my future
interviews